hey guys and welcome to another video
thing so as you can see I'm actually on
Animal Jam now on Yannick at one of my
not one off but my alternate account for
events like these which day that
happened quite a bit so the story behind
this is I like to account login once I
Lola I log in once and then I logged out
of it but it says on my parent account
that I never logged out and so I haven't
been able to log in and know like I got
everything working I enabled the account
and then actually disabled and renamed
the account I changed my password
multiple times I've done everything I
could do to get rid of my what's the
Lord do you rid of my problem but
nothing's really working so I think I'm
just gonna make videos in your on
account until I get Julie to back up and
I can start doing some of my own
giveaways but until then I had an idea
recently uh having to do with giveaways
I figured you know there a lot of
giveaways that are under appreciating or
people give some great stuff and you
know nobody really enters not nobody but
you know the less people then something
like a yellow spike or a founder would
deserve and it's this great way did you
know get people's names out help people
find some new giveaways and to kind of
draw people to my channel as a final
bonus but um I was thinking forget I
said that last part for I was thinking
that people could give me giveaways and
I could select select you know the top
five to ten giveaways of the week and
make a video and give you links to all
those so people can enter and win these
great prizes rather than having to look
for giveaway is all the time and you
know maybe I could do that once a month
once a week
we're often people like those or however
often I see these amazing giveaways so
yeah if you have a giveaway I'm not
gonna set up a special email or anything
just leave a comment below and every
time I upload one of these leave a
comment with you boy under the under oh
that's not a word under that one and
I hope to have some well I'll be
announcing the results of the overflow
giveaway not giveaway I still can't get
into Julian to at the probably end of
this week but you know so leave if you
have any giveaways or you want to start
a giveaway I leave a link in the
description and I'll be announcing it on
my channel I know I'm not as big as I
used to be not as many people might see
it but it's still a great boost for your
channel and yeah hopefully you guys can
answer some of those hopefully some of
you submit them see